Gwenevere Abriel: Should be antique
Gwenevere Abriel: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning when right so we got audio. Good morning to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you waiting in
Gwenevere Abriel: Virtual well
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really great at updating me these days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, glad you're here. Let me get a note open and what time is your appointment to talk with your insurance company today 1120. Alright, well I'm hoping for good news.
Ateeq: Oh flow to do
Gwenevere Abriel: So if the answer's no. And they have to to say no to extending coverage. What can you afford. What, what can you do in order to still come in here and let me just say, I know what right her once at a minimum is once a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You pull that off.
Ateeq: Yeah okay let me do that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what we may do
Gwenevere Abriel: I may meet with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if Dr. Solomon wants to come in and do a medication, check with you. He can come and do a drop in
Gwenevere Abriel: And if he can't. I may propose to you, maybe switching to dr brielle who who does do drop ins, she'll just come in for 15 minutes and do a check in, while you and I are scheduled so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's open. I'm flexible and that's where the flexibility is having the doctor come into a session. But at a minimum, I do need to review treatment goals once a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you think you can pull that off. Tuck some money aside.
Gwenevere Abriel: To at least sort of see me once a month, that'd be great. And then
Gwenevere Abriel: I and and so, no way. Can you get coverage under your wife right
Ateeq: Move and try to figure something out with hers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I was wondering
Ateeq: Yeah, cuz she she's she has it, and she's good right now. So she actually just qualified for all that and so good for the next few years at the
Gwenevere Abriel: But you guys are you, you're, you're not officially married, do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that maybe the problem today have a common law.
Ateeq: Thing that oh no it's nothing like that. No.
Ateeq: I'm pretty sure they do appear married and stuff like that. But no, not that it affects us from now with Bobby have going
Gwenevere Abriel: You wouldn't be able to get the benefit to get coverage.
Ateeq: Not probably not through her insurance.
Ateeq: Yeah, the way Medicaid word says it'll cover the individual
Ateeq: So right now the way she has it and
Ateeq: The reason she's getting covered is because she's under a single mom.
Ateeq: Yeah, so that's why she's getting down. Okay. Mm hmm.
Ateeq: Oh, actually, this helps us you know this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see it. I see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um, let's focus a little bit. So we're meeting here today just to sort of refresh on
Gwenevere Abriel: Since I know we're going to continue to see you, the urgency of having to rush something isn't really there. But I do want to touch on some of the underlying things that that have come up when you incur are together.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just see if I can
Gwenevere Abriel: You can tell me you don't have to wait for me. But what do you, what would you say has been one of the things that has maybe surprised you that you know your your childhood or even being an adult around your family is affecting this relationship with Kara.
Ateeq: Um, well, as I was growing up, we were disciplined, you know her discipline was a little bit different from mine.
Ateeq: So it was we discussed a little bit before we had our daughter, you know, so she told me that I can, under any circumstances, what our daughter and I'm okay with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. And tell me your history. So I get to know
Gwenevere Abriel: And how that affected you
Ateeq: Um, I just remember getting kid as a little kid, you know, I, I did get what I remember. Maybe, maybe I was three years old.
Ateeq: I remember that far back where I was running away from my dad and one of the situations I told care was that he had a full beer can. And he threw it and hit my back and it knocked air out of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not common for people to remember that far back, but that's a significant event. So it's stuck with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, in the air out of you and you fell
Ateeq: Yeah, I fell and hit the concrete.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember anything else about that.
Ateeq: I just remember, I couldn't read
Ateeq: Yeah.
Ateeq: And it wasn't a regular I just remember it was a
Ateeq: 24 ounce can because it was a big. Can I have my back.
Ateeq: And it was pretty detailed for being really young, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you, what do you remember also. So those are as if watching a movie, you know, your can was this size or, you know, you felt an error, not wins knocked out of the hit the concrete. Do you know what emotion you had back then.
Ateeq: I was just scared. I didn't remember being scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scared and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Who helped who didn't help who comforted you who didn't come for you in your fear.
Ateeq: I just remember my mom being there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay Mom was there.
Ateeq: Yeah, I mean she wasn't outside this happened outside, but I just remember she came running from inside, outside and she grabbed me right away.
Ateeq: That's all I remember that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember being grabbed yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it a welcoming feeling like I'm being
Ateeq: Oh no, she was panic cues and it too. I remember she was yelling and seeing. I don't know if he was yelling at me or my dad or what was going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't know she was yelling at you scolding you
Ateeq: She wasn't scolding me she was just yelling and panic.
Ateeq: I think she was just more panicked about what had happened.
Ateeq: But I don't know if she was yelling at me to see if I was okay or yelling at my dad because he do that very Academy back
Ateeq: That part. I don't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever noticed that that memory is almost re experienced
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me when it comes up.
Ateeq: It comes
Ateeq: When I'm depressed.
Ateeq: If I feel depressed or something like that, it'll come up
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me take what you're sharing right now and I want to take this this memory and let's give it. Let's give it one of those numbers from zero to 100 how distressing. It is for you to even talk about it now how distressing. Is it for you.
Ateeq: Zero to me.
Ateeq: At first, what I talked to care about it. It was probably in the hundred
Ateeq: Range. But now that I've talked to her about in a meeting and I, we brought it up a couple times. It's when lower
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, just give it a number
Maybe 6060
Ateeq: Okay.
Ateeq: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna go 60 and this was age three. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Have something else in here at now. I wrote a question mark meeting, I have this this story snippet, but I don't have a subjective unit of distress, a number with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was I was bullied by a group of people name calling rocks thrown at me, it came to the point when my mom and dad had to go to court.
Gwenevere Abriel: They got in trouble because I was missing school, but I never got from you what how distressing that was like right now, just as I brought that up how how distressing is that for you. Currently, even thinking about that memory from zero to 100
Ateeq: Probably like 30 okay now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did have a number for that. I'm just going to move it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down. Okay, so this one's higher so the
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually let's um let's take what client said and drop it verbatim into 60 said
Gwenevere Abriel: Including things like air knocked out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: How so, okay, right, you said you said when you're depressed. You think of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's interesting that you do you describe that the depression happens and then you think about it, versus the other way around. So what you're aware of is depression happens first, and you start to think about your past. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, is are you in any depression. Currently, would you say
Ateeq: No, actually I feel pretty good. I've been feeling pretty good I you see it's weird because I get like that in the wintertime.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I
Ateeq: You know I
Ateeq: Know that the winner is gone. Everything is not I haven't been depressed at all. I've been
Fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't you share a little bit about how that history, your history impacts maybe what seems like it's going to be normal between you and your daughter and maybe how that might play out. Tell me, I need a little bit more about your
Ateeq: Thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So my voice and more about you.
Ateeq: Well, let's see here. I just don't want her to really grow up the way I grew up.
Ateeq: You know, I feel like
Ateeq: As I was growing up those decisions. My dad would make because my mom was a stay at home mom for a long time, she did her best to get a job and start working too.
Ateeq: But most of the time she stayed at home and she raised us
Ateeq: Me and my sisters, but, um, I just remember as I was getting older, there was decisions. My dad was making, and I, I would tell them not to do that.
Ateeq: I remember I was 10 years old and I was saying not to do that. That's not a good decision. And it was just ignored. He did it anyway.
Ateeq: You know, and, and kept on and even when I became an adult, you know those still decisions being made and I would tell them, that's not a good decision. But he still did what he wanted to do and I was just try to help them out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's an interesting point can we stay there with that for just a moment. I'm going to check on something.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you walk in the door and it's the end of your day from work and you see Kara.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't smiling.
Gwenevere Abriel: And busy taking care of the baby or doing whatever but she's not looking at you and smiling at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel
Ateeq: I feel irritated, like I did something
Okay.
Ateeq: All right, like I'm walking on eggshells
Ateeq: That I walk on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I did something finish that sentence like I did something
Ateeq: Like I did something wrong or I'm walking on eggshells
Gwenevere Abriel: Wrong. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you ever feel ignored.
Ateeq: And care. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that same feeling that you had with Dad, it's different. It's not the same one. Okay, so that you do not feel ignored.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you ever feel ignored.
Ateeq: Growing up, yes, I did feel ignored.
Ateeq: I felt like my dad. I was thought I was too little or too dumb to make decisions because he was older and he brought me into this role, not the other way around. So whatever had to say never really
Ateeq: Help out in any way.
Gwenevere Abriel: too little or too dumb. Yeah, so now
Gwenevere Abriel: Again,
Gwenevere Abriel: It is common in our romantic relationships to have an unmet need, or a wound that happens and you had a few of them quite a few actually in childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not uncommon for people to have that play out. They won't mean to, but they end up playing out in our romantic relationships because ultimately, we do want to heal. We're wired to heal. We, we want to feel better. We want to be happy and safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just wonder if there's anything in common with when she's busy taking care of the baby and not smiling at you. I just wonder if there's anything that's similar between
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing her taking care and busy and to you feeling ignored when you were little. I wonder if there's anything in common.
Ateeq: Oh, it's that will use the she's asleep when I come home, you know, so I'll what I do is I come home. I know my stuff in the washer on quickly take a shower and then I go for the baby.
Ateeq: I take your the baby. As soon as I come home, even before us getting together. I have to be right now she's here. I better I changed her
Ateeq: So I do the baby taken care of and all that. As soon as I get home. So usually I feel like, you know,
Ateeq: Right now it's like nine o'clock in the morning and I feel like she wakes up at eight, and she takes her date for granted.
Ateeq: I mean, you know, I feel like there's people that can't even get out of bed or anything like that. And why is she getting up mad. So those are things that go through my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's useful. Thank you. So you think to yourself,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're taking your day for granted. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and there are people that can't even get out of bed. Yeah. And you can, but you're not you're choosing not to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been that person that was so depressed that you couldn't get out of bed.
Ateeq: I just remember when I was drawing I was really sick. And I got depression with that and it was maybe a couple weeks. I couldn't get out of bed until I started feeling better.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's think about who you're thinking of
Gwenevere Abriel: There are people who can't get out of bed. Who do you think we're talking about here.
Ateeq: People that I take care of that work.
Gwenevere Abriel: At work okay so appreciate your youth, kind of like that. Yeah, and you're in your health. Appreciate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now that makes perfect sense. And now let's just, they both can exist, what you just said. And this other piece which is, I wonder if because you guys aren't opposite schedules and she's primarily taking care of the baby. I'm wondering if I don't know. You'll have to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if
Gwenevere Abriel: This is this is normal for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a new mom, I don't know. I mean, how I wonder if she's getting disrupted sleep. I'm wondering if this is the same thing someone who's not appreciated in their life, or is this someone who's just exhausted from having a newborn
Ateeq: Yeah, she's asleep. Today I didn't wake her up this morning because I wanted to do one on one with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Ateeq: And I told her this fine. She wanted to join today but I told her, because last time we talked a little bit, we were going to do it then. So I told just sleep in today.
Smart
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't quite answer the question.
Ateeq: Oh well, I don't really know that
Ateeq: Her
Ateeq: Her her. I mean, she's talked to me a little bit about it. She'll tell me it's not you, it's just I wake up like that sometimes
Ateeq: She's told me, even when her sister used to wake her up. She would be mad like that, but she gets over it is just how she wakes up in the morning changed. Wake up, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now we're just talking about a number of our she's sleeping right now, just for a moment, we're just staying right there. So how many hours to she actually get. Have you asked her.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe she's up and about when you are at work.
Yeah.
Ateeq: She's told me she's you'll get a couple hours there her sleep is broken sleep. It's not straight. She'll get two hours here, three hours there ok now we're here. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: On the front it looks like she's someone who doesn't appreciate right on the front on the surface. It looks like that. But when you investigate a little further. She's sleep deprived and she's taking those hours to catch up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but it can still feel like that like
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not appreciating
Gwenevere Abriel: What about this thing you said about
Gwenevere Abriel: I was treated as if I'm either too little or too dumb.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't hear that phrase. Very often, tell me more about what that means. I was treated like that.
Ateeq: Well, that's how I felt when you know i'll try to say something to my dad or try to help them out in a way and that's what he would tell me you know you're too little or, you know, that's
Ateeq: He went home, you're too dumb, but he would say, you know, this is my business, not your business. I'm like, okay, but I'm your son. I'm just trying to help you, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can share with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without waiting for me to ask
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm noticing that it's almost like you're waiting for me to ask a question.
Ateeq: Yes, it
Gwenevere Abriel: Is I want to know, you know, I want to know your history and you don't have to wait for me to ask a question, you can just share
Ateeq: I just don't know where to start, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: The next thing that you think of
Ateeq: Maybe I guess we'll talk about, you know, when
Ateeq: Back when I was in school when I'd get bullied by the kids that you know bullied me and I'd be out of school for long periods of time. Well, also, I was going through abuse at home with my dad.
Ateeq: So there was a little bit of that. And a little bit of that because I remember back when he did take me to school. My dad got in trouble for abuse.
Ateeq: So,
Ateeq: They were going to take him to court and my mom had to go to court with that and I had to go to court and they were asking us questions like, am I abused and stuff and i didn't i was little off like I'm I didn't even know what abused, Matt, I didn't know the
Ateeq: Right. Anything of that. So I said no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Ateeq: You know, but the teachers would point out the bruises on me and stuff like that because i mean i got what with the belt and of Wire Hanger and things like that.
Ateeq: So, you know, like I didn't feel safe at home or I didn't feel safe in school when I was younger, you know,
Ateeq: But
Gwenevere Abriel: So stay there too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. How did you cope. How did you survive neither feeling safe at school or at home with nowhere to go, well, how did you survive that because you did, you're here today. She did some things to survive. Do you know what you did.
Ateeq: Or just kind of a blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so maybe forget
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's a, it's a technique we can minimize that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to survive. I will remember all just
Ateeq: got older, I started looking to friends out in the neighborhood and stuff like that and
Ateeq: You know those my friends at that time they were out there doing bad. So I started going out there doing bad with them. But we thought it was fun.
Ateeq: So I looked at that as family at that time. Like they love me, they they're laughing with me. I'm having fun out here, even though I was doing something wrong. I thought it was fine. I didn't think it was bad at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so
Gwenevere Abriel: The need to be loved the need to feel welcome validated and to belong, especially as an adolescent
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right on time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every out of us right in there starts to go. Dad, mom fit. Who cares what you think and the fairy preoccupied right with what their peer group. See how they view them. So what you what you did was right on time and on top of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The importance of
Gwenevere Abriel: Those kids caring about you was even more important because you weren't getting it at home that long history of not feeling safe and finally you have a group of people, although you may not like what they're doing, at least they love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what age are we talking about right in here, right at this point when you started to hang out those kids.
Ateeq: I was 1314 up to my late teens. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And those kids were drinking were this petty theft.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, analyzing things
Ateeq: Yeah, mainly card up
Ateeq: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm assuming you didn't share that with anyone didn't share with family that was your
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that is the way you coped was
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll have fun. I'll feel cared for. That will be my second family over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when was the first time you got in arrested for some of those behaviors.
Ateeq: are in trouble. Well, I didn't really get arrested because I was under age.
Yeah.
Ateeq: Yeah, I got in trouble at 16
I was 16 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there were at least three years where he kind of got away with it. Right. Nobody was
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying, stop. This is unhealthy for you and your parents didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it's 16
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened.
Ateeq: Was when I got even worse. That's when the audit up became
Ateeq: Every weekend type of thing. It was something I was looking for to do every weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you end up getting arrested. Then at 16 someone catcher.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Oh.
Ateeq: No, it wasn't until maybe I was 19
Gwenevere Abriel: And what happened.
Ateeq: That was a
Ateeq: What the drug charge that's when I got in trouble with marijuana liquor. I was driving under the influence. And I was drinking and driving
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's bring this history back up into the present.
Gwenevere Abriel: And like you to imagine it's your 13 year old daughter is in your life right her peers are going to be very important to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably by about 10 or 11 they're going to be really important. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that very thing that she she wants, which is acceptance. She wants to fit in, nothing wrong with it. It's right on time. We want to just, we don't want to stand out. We just want to be like everybody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know how to teach her to both accept that that's a developmental milestone and to also teach her to hold on to herself, her truth, where you know how to teach for that.
Ateeq: I just like I tell her how to, I don't know if I can teach it to her. It's something that she's probably gonna have to experience but um
Ateeq: I just want to tell her that I'm her dad and I love her and I want to help her guide to make the right decisions.
Ateeq: Or group of peers.
Ateeq: seem like they're troublemakers and stuff. I wouldn't want anything else I would me as a
Ateeq: Parent is not to really be your friend. But the parents are
Ateeq: And if I feel like her friends are no good. I'm gonna do my best to keep them away from each other, even though it's important for
Gwenevere Abriel: Us is tricky.
Ateeq: I know, I know it is sounds tricky.
Ateeq: I'm probably gonna have care. I'll do it or
Ateeq: Talk to her and
Ateeq: Her way because I think she she could probably do a lot better than me with her. I'm not too sure yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is more about what I just did was more about you than it was about this this imaginary 13 year old. So what I just did was, I'm trying to see if you can identify
Gwenevere Abriel: What it was that you actually need it at age 13 you need to do that 12 needed out of 11. What was the unmet need back then that you ended up finding it and those
Ateeq: Of us. I grew up with all sisters and I end to be my friends or
Ateeq: my cousins who had their brothers and stuff like that. I felt
Ateeq: Like all of them have got to play stuff together and I was kind of left out and all the girls hung out. So I was kind of a loner. I didn't want to do girl stuff or
Ateeq: You know, I felt left out and I needed my dad back then, but he was too busy working or, you know, when he came home, he was always upset or something and it seemed like he took it out on me because I was only male and down.
Ateeq: So that's how I felt.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I heard you say was, I needed a same
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say, same sex meaning same gender. I needed to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Things that you enjoy you wanted to hang out and have someone that you didn't really didn't really like the stuff your sisters were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so you're picturing now go to the 13 year old daughter this imaginary it's gonna happen. She's gonna be 13 eventually okay now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just said I cut her off from hanging out with her girlfriends, maybe, and the need is still there, though, to want to belong to one and do something. Notice that you found it in yourself. It's like, I want to do things that are like guys guys stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'll put aside the social norms of that because I'm not hung up on that. But for now, just to discuss it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you honor that in yourself and how do you honor that in this 13 year old girl to she's going to want to belong to. She's going to want to do
Ateeq: Things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe like her peers or we don't know what your peers are going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what her interests are going to be. And I'm excited to find out. Yeah. Um, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That longing, she's going to have it to. How does she still get to express that in a safe way. Does she get to like what she likes like who she wants.
Ateeq: I
Ateeq: Don't know.
Ateeq: I mean, she can tell me
Ateeq: I won't know what to do. But I would listen to what she has to say, you know, I felt like I was never listened to.
Ateeq: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Would have been nice if someone in your life had done for you at that time.
Ateeq: Listen to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's the key. See, it's your unmet need was given for nice of my Dad could at least heard me out. I'm sick and tired of hang on my sister Stephanie says that I want to do these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, teach me how to use the saw, teach me how to change the oil. I want to do. I want to go ride a TV. I'm not sure what your things are, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Spend time with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so your ability just now to to own that will give you my guess the confidence to be able to meet that 13 year old to be able to be present with your daughters need and not have to give it all away to Kara, you see.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you've, you can sit with it yourself. It'll be easier for you to see it in your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't ever just be one thing I'm just the parent. That's it. Again, to see those friends. Your friends suck. They're terrible influenced I'll sit down and shush.
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't be like that. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because remember that need you had
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she's gonna have something like that, too, and especially at 13 boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Strong
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't make her bad
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right on time and being able then the comforting you being able to share your own stories and saying, you know, sweetheart. I
Gwenevere Abriel: I struggle with both wanting to be your parent and protect you. That's not going anywhere. I know that's how I'm going to be as your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: But at the same time I remember I really wanted to belong and I wanted to hang out with with people that I have the same I want to hang out doing fun things
Gwenevere Abriel: How do we do this together. How do I both respect that you need to be able to freely hang out. But these kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to get arrested. I don't want to expose to older kids that maybe you're drinking or drugging
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the job is to keep you safe. But at the same time, I want to listen to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't have to be more complicated than that.
Ateeq: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, like you said, she'll tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking about right now. What's coming up for you.
Ateeq: Well, I was thinking about a there was a time where I was.
Ateeq: Closer to maybe my late 19 and a half to Tony
Ateeq: And I just remember
Ateeq: Around that time I had went to one of my friends is apartments and we were standing outside all of us. It was a big group guys older than me. But those guys.
Ateeq: There were two gang banging and stuff like that. And I remember every car that would pass by, they're grabbing Boulders from the form they were checking it out the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: And one of
Ateeq: Ours came back. It made a U turn at the end of the stop and they came back and they started shooting at us. So
Ateeq: Then I just remember like
Ateeq: Me running and hiding behind cars and jumping over walls and, you know, and after that, I was like, You know what, it's not the place for me and then maybe a couple weeks, months after that I met my first girlfriend and I moved from here.
Ateeq: I just didn't want to be there to where I just
Ateeq: That point, it just remember, like, this isn't for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, was it that you could have died.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that guy hadn't really sunk in until that moment.
Ateeq: A moment. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's pretty common also developmentally right on time, because we think we're invincible.
Ateeq: Especially when you're a teenager. You think you're invincible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, and that is actually that's on time to develop mentally that's, you know, fun time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well i a part of these glad that something got your attention and got you out of that because I don't know where you'd be right now. I don't know if you'd be in custody or shot or hurt.
Ateeq: You know,
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your, what's your kind of end with this topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your biggest concern about you as a father.
Ateeq: My concern is our health, you know. Yeah. Like I wouldn't want to get sick or come home and
Ateeq: Or get sick with whatever's going on out there and I can be with them is my concern or dying at a young age to where she would have to grow up without me is the concern that I have been. I feel like
Ateeq: She's probably need me for the rest of her life, you know,
Ateeq: That those are my concerns.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you kind of need her for the rest of your life.
Ateeq: Yeah, of course I do. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need her for the rest of my life. Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What steps are you taking to take care of your health. Are you in the solution or you just kind of keeping yourself worried about it and not really diving into the solution I
Ateeq: Haven't really because I still
Ateeq: I still smoke a lot. I still smoke a pack a day. I mean, I've cut down on the Swedes, I'm not really drinking isn't much
Ateeq: So cut that down.
Ateeq: But
Ateeq: At the same time, to, you know, I know, put down you know on Suboxone and stuff, but I feel like because it's an opiate. It makes me want to smoke because I wasn't smoking.
Ateeq: like this before. I've ever done opiates.
Ateeq: So it's just one of those things they could kind of crosses paths with one another.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Address the smoking more directly in our work together. In other words, do you want to talk with the doctor about trying Wellbutrin. For example,
Gwenevere Abriel: To see if it helps the cravings, because it typically does. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to consider.
Ateeq: I consider talking
Ateeq: About it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, the other. So just to throw out a couple of things that I've watched really work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Couple of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting those cigarettes away, meaning and convenient.
Gwenevere Abriel: Leave them in your car or leave them in your trunk, because those few seconds I have to put my shoes on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can get an hour out of I can wait 90 seconds. That's one. I can wait 90 seconds. Heck, I can do anything for 90 seconds. I can do this. And then I'll go work on my
Gwenevere Abriel: Car my mobile airplane. I'll go no scramble some eggs do something
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting those
Ateeq: Things, too, like I've been doing my hobby stuff and I started my RC helicopters.
Ateeq: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, how many currently. So what we're adding is we're adding leaving
Gwenevere Abriel: The cigarettes somewhere inconvenient. Believe it or not, that amount of time that it takes because you're, you're going to immediately, you're going to have the thought to
Gwenevere Abriel: It will happen, you'll just want to use it. Will you want to smoke but then you'll go where the heck are they. Oh, they're all the way outside. Look how many seconds, it takes
Gwenevere Abriel: Go put shoes.
Ateeq: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are my keys. Look, I'm looking now I'm looking for my keys and then I might think. What a stupid thing I'm doing right and what am I, I'm not going to smoke all do. I'll wait another 90 seconds but cookies down
Gwenevere Abriel: And then guess what another hour has passed, and that's one less cigarette. So believe it or not, this may seem over simplified, but what it can do is you can see the strength
Gwenevere Abriel: And having that inconvenience of reaching for it. You get to see in real time. You know what, I'll tell myself well, just wait another 90 seconds. Go BUSY YOURSELF. And then another hour will end up passing
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you're going to consider if you want to talk with a doc about maybe maybe playing with another medication if you really do want
Gwenevere Abriel: To stop smoking, if that is a goal you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Because interestingly
Gwenevere Abriel: The buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tends to also what I'm hearing the doctor is bring down cravings. So craving in general. So it does surprise me a little bit. Yeah, it was a little surprised.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But not for you. And so that's what we've got. It's not, that's not what it is for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how many cigarettes are you smoking. Currently, let's see if we can get that
Ateeq: baseline period I smoke a whole pack.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so within 24 hours. Let's get that transcribed. Let's go within 24 hours. We've got a whole pack smoked and if we had a reasonable goal. What do you want to do over the next month, let's say,
Ateeq: Maybe bring it down by half.
Gwenevere Abriel: Off. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So down. So maybe
Ateeq: Two days, I'd be happy with the outcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, why don't we start with that and just see where it goes. Now, um, what are two things that you can do differently of is coming month
Ateeq: Um,
Ateeq: Well, my secrets away from me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where would they got a couple
Ateeq: Or. Great. What I can do is break the pack in half and a half in a pack and take and carry one pack with tap the pack with me all day.
Ateeq: And
Ateeq: You know, just make those dead last.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Ateeq: They fill out the other half.
Ateeq: Like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But where are they located where would they be located.
Ateeq: I have a box that I could put them in, or at least have them in the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's about the time it takes to get to own that can make the difference because you're you're healthy thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: will kick in.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: There for my daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to have what happened to me. My parents were unavailable. And look what I ended up doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we can take this negative history and we can leverage it to motivate. Okay, I don't want to do the same thing, but can use that sort of negative history, pull it up and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to do this, I can wait another 90 seconds. So let me leave it she's worth it. I'm worth it, she's worth it. I'm worth it and leave them in the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell your wife to hide them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only give them to me when it's, you know, been an hour. I'm not saying to include her directly into that, but I'm trying to get you to brainstorm different ways to get distance from it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and waiting to 90 seconds. So let's schedule for now something about a month from now and then if you come back and you tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: To get to meet to
Ateeq: Find out good news. I'll come to group on Monday.
Ateeq: Well, that's how you
Gwenevere Abriel: Text me. I want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go over to June.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear that later was
Gwenevere Abriel: He so we're looking somewhere around maybe write a
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to
Gwenevere Abriel: How about June 7
Ateeq: Seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, June 16 because I want to try and keep it in a month. This is assuming that you're going to be budgeting. Okay, so I'm going at June 16 at 9am. Now it could be eight. Would you rather have it earlier if it's just going to
Ateeq: Go nine o'clock is fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to catch your you're right you're done with your day and I didn't want to mess with your sleep.
Ateeq: Tonight.
Ateeq: For a while,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we have June 16 9am
Gwenevere Abriel: As our next appointment. But if I hear from you that we can meet sooner. Let's we'll see if we can either do individual or couples. I still think I would like to spend a little bit more time with you individually.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we can kind of do some some reprocessing about history.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so you have enough medication.
Ateeq: Yeah, because I got description yesterday.
Ateeq: Beautiful problem and wrote it for the month so
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic. All right. My fingers are crossed. I sure hope the answer is yes.
Ateeq: Or no, I
Ateeq: Don't I don't remember her name from group yesterday she was telling me that about this three month extension.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was an Erica.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see, what did she say
Ateeq: She was saying that
Gwenevere Abriel: She has a kind of insurance. Who the heck was it. I mean, who is in that group.
Ateeq: She's really nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Erica J victorious or Nia Sean Elizabeth Brittany. Brittany Matt Erica.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe Erica.
Ateeq: I think it was the other one, Elizabeth.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Elizabeth. She had her hair down that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Erica typically dark hair. She had it pulled back
Ateeq: Here because the one with the tattoos. Right.
Ateeq: Yes, it's not Erica. It was the windows.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, yeah. And Sarah Nia
Gwenevere Abriel: Was the one talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: She was fine. It doesn't matter. You liked it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so right using that as leverage and saying, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know Medicaid is doing this for their participants. They're not sort of abandoning care for their right for their patients. And I'm just wondering if we could, if we could do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Woody. What do you think, what's your best argument.
Ateeq: I'm just going to see if it's possible to get a three month extension. It was nice that the game you one month, but the lady I talked to last time was really nice. This person I might have to be might be a whole different
Ateeq: Same person.
Ateeq: So I'm going to see how this goes right now 1128 I'll find out
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, fingers crossed. I hope to see
Ateeq: You guys Monday and I'll text you to let you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, sounds good. All right.
Ateeq: Thank you. Have a good day.